Catalog ingest docs revision (#97)
NASA-IMPACT/veda-docs: contributing/dataset-ingestion/catalog-ingestion.qmd

## STEP III: Create dataset definitions

The next step is to divide all the data into logical collections. A collection is basically what it sounds like, a collection of data files that share the same properties like, the data it's measuring, the periodicity, the spatial region, etc. For example, current VEDA datasets like `no2-mean` and `no2-diff` should be two different collections, because one measures the mean levels of nitrogen dioxide and the other the differences in observed levels. Likewise, datasets like `no2-monthly` and `no2-yearly` should be different because the periodicity is different.

> One you have logically grouped the datasets into collections, you will need to create dataset definitions for each of these collections. The data definition is a json file that contains some metadata of the dataset and information on how to discover these datasets in the s3 bucket. An example is shown below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have logically grouped the datasets into collections, you will need to create dataset definitions for each of these collections. The data definition is a json file that contains some metadata of the dataset and information on how to discover these datasets in the s3 bucket. An example is shown below:
```

</details>

> > Note: The steps after this are technical, so at this point the scientists open a PR on the [veda-data](https://github.com/NASA-IMPACT/veda-data) repo and a member of the VEDA team will handle the publication process.

Reviewer: I just noticed the weird person switch. Maybe:
```suggestion
> Note: The steps after this are technical, so at this point open a PR on the [veda-data](https://github.com/NASA-IMPACT/veda-data) GitHub repository and a member of the VEDA team will handle the publication process.
```

Author: Good catch on this one 👍 and both textual comments above. I'll revise and merge. Thanks for your review!
